Subject Category: Product Technical Support
Sub Category: I don't know/I'm not sure

Dear Support,

We recently purchased the PRO upgrade to the NanoScan 2s Pyro/9/5 [1] from Ophir Optics in order to implement an automation system involving the abovementioned beam profiler. The PRO upgrade provides an ActiveX automation endpoint which we can use. 

In the process of trying to write the automation code, we faced many roadblocks and are currently finding it difficult to continue. 

While the provided example code works just fine, the way the ActiveX endpoint has been developed has presented some unique challenges when translating the code into Python (64-Bit):
    - The ActiveX Endpoint uses properties to control many features (such as data acquisition), which for some reason, PyQt5 / QAxBase is unable to properly set.
    - Many methods provided by the ActiveX Endpoint pass variables by-reference, which due to limitations presented by Python, I seem to only manage to get running in PyQt5 and not wincom32. 
    - There is a .dll file provided for the C# code, but as it is compiled for a 32-Bit system, it cannot be easily used by our 64-Bit Python code. Unfortunately, due to dependency issues with other systems, our entire codebase is written in 64-Bit Python and a change to 32-Bit is rather difficult. 

We have already contacted the local Ophir engineer here in Germany, but as he is not a software developer, we have not gotten very far in solving this problem. 

Hence, I am approaching you through this channel in hopes of getting some advice on how the difficulties may be overcome. It would be even better if I could talk to someone who knows the intricacies of this particular ActiveX endpoint. I can also share my current attempts at the automation with you. 

Do let me know if there is a better channel through which I should seek support.
Thank you in advance, and I look forward to hearing from you soon!

Best Regards,
Yudong Sun

[1] https://www.ophiropt.com/laser--measurement/beam-profilers/products/Scanning-Slit-Beam-Profiling-with-NanoScan/NanoScan-2s-Pyro-9-5